Blog post for sprint 154 (#434)
openSUSE/obs-landing: _posts/development/2023-11-30-introducing-build-status-refresh-and-other-insights-in-our-request-page.md

---
layout: post
title: Introducing Build Status Refresh and Other Insights in Our Request Page
category: development
---

> ### Introduction

Reviewer: Please remove this heading, otherwise, it will be the only "sentence" displayed on the main page.

![Screenshot 2023-11-30 at 10-41-48 News about the OBS](https://github.com/openSUSE/obs-landing/assets/2581944/4ee5206a-9761-4509-84a8-000bda853a47)

Author: Right

In our latest iteration towards an even more user-friendly experience, we're excited to share three key enhancements to our Request page. Get ready for a smoother and more informative ride!

> 

Reviewer: Around this point, we usually include a paragraph mentioning the other blog posts regarding the same topic `_includes/partials/_series-of-posts-about-request-redesign.md`

Author: Also true

### The Refresh Button

Ever wished for a quick way to update build results without reloading the entire page? Your wish is granted! We've added a handy refresh button so getting the latest information is just a click away. The chart will auto-refresh itself every minute, so you will get the latest build status anyway!

![Build status refresh button](/images/posts/2023-11-30/build-status-refresh-button.png)
￼
### Patchinfo Page Insights

We've supercharged the patchinfo page! Alongside the essentials, we've integrated more insightful information like the affected binaries, the affected packages or the issues related to the patch.

> Now it's easier to read the update details!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now it's easier to read the updated details!
```

Author: Well, I wanted to use "update" as a noun, not as an adjective... so the request page is an "update" from the previous request state... And then, the details of the update are the "update details"... but if it's not clear enough I will use your proposal

![Patchinfo page insights](/images/posts/2023-11-30/patchinfo-page-insights.png)

> ￼

Reviewer: Well, it's not a patchinfo page. It's a request page (i.e. release request) which sometimes can include a patchinfo.

Before, we only displayed the patchinfo in the Changes tab, now you can see its most relevant information in the main tab (Conversation) as well.

Reviewer: ![Screenshot 2023-11-27 at 23-11-30 Open Build Service](https://github.com/openSUSE/obs-landing/assets/2581944/270fdb18-ce38-4f81-8f47-aca1552cbb52)

Author: True, changing

### Pay Attention to the Conversation Between People 

> We've made the conversation items created by OBS itself a bit smaller, thus less important, to signal that it's not really part of the conversation between the people involved. Those item's details are also hidden by default.

Reviewer: I'm not 100% sure of this change, but I feel that talking about "history items" is more appropriate than "conversation items coming from OBS".

```suggestion
We've made the history items added by OBS itself a bit smaller, thus less important, to signal that it's not really part of the conversation between the people involved. Those item's details are also hidden by default.
```

![Comments and history shifts the attention to the conversation between people](/images/posts/2023-11-30/comments-and-history.png)
￼
### Try It Out

> Log in now and explore the new refresh button and enhanced patch info page. Your feedback is crucial as we continue refining OBS!

Reviewer: I would say that the user needs to join the beta program first.
